docs: update table of contents (#917)
cncf/tag-security: supply-chain-security/compromises/compromise-definitions.md

# Types of Supply Chain Compromise

This document serves to provide a consistent set of definitions for the
Supply Chain Compromise Catalog.  The types of compromise may be expanded
in the future as new or more distinct compromises occur.  When this happens,
these definitions will be updated.

Index:

* [Dev Tooling](#dev-tooling)
* [Negligence](#negligence)
* [Publishing Infrastructure](#publishing-infrastructure)
* [Source Code](#source-code)
* [Trust and Signing](#trust-and-signing)
* [Malicious Maintainer](#malicious-maintainer)
* [Attack Chaining](#technique-attack-chaining)

## Dev Tooling

> Occurs when the development machine, SDK, toolchains, or build kit have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Occurs when the development machine, SDK, tool chains, or build kit have
```

Reviewer: This is mostly for spellcheck

- _Mitigation_ - This kind of compromise can be deterred or defeated by
implementing code-signing.  Code-signing requires attackers to perform
multiple operations to be successful, making the level of effort higher.

_Reference(s)_:

- [Mitre: Supply Chain Compromise](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1195/)

## Source Code

Occurs when a source code repository (public or private) is manipulated
intentionally by the developer or through a developer or repository
credential compromise.  Source Code compromise can also occur with
intentional introduction of security backdoors and bugs in Open Source
code contributions by malicious actors.

_Reference(s)_:

- [Mitre: Supply Chain Compromise](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1195/)

## Trust and Signing

Occurs when the signing key used is compromised, resulting in a breach
of trust of the software from the open source community or software
vendor.  This kind of compromise results in the legitimate software
being replaced with a malicious, modified version.

- _Mitigation_ - Follow [best practices](https://www.entrustdatacard.com/knowledgebase/best-practices-for-code-signing-certificates)

> regarding code signing key protection.  A more indepth explanation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
regarding code signing key protection.  A more in depth explanation
```

Reviewer: Only for spellcheck reasons
